[Feature] Support Volcano for batch scheduling (#755)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/volcano-integration.md

[Volcano](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano) is a batch scheduling system built on Kubernetes. It provides a suite of mechanisms (gang scheduling, job queues, fair scheduling policies) currently missing from Kubernetes that are commonly required by many classes of batch and elastic workloads. KubeRay's Volcano integration enables more efficient scheduling of Ray pods in multi-tenant Kubernetes environments.

Note that this is a new feature. Feedback and contributions welcome.

## Setup

### Install Volcano

Volcano needs to be successfully installed in your Kubernetes cluster before enabling Volcano integration with KubeRay. Refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano#quick-start-guide) for Volcano installation instructions.

### Install KubeRay Operator with Batch Scheduling

Deploy the KubeRay Operator with the `--enable-batch-scheduler` flag to enable Volcano batch scheduling support.

When installing via Helm, you can set the following in your `values.yaml` file:

```
batchScheduler:
    enabled: true
```

Or on the command line:

```
# helm install kuberay-operator --set batchScheduler.enabled=true
```

## Run Ray Cluster with Volcano scheduler

> Add the `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` label to your RayCluster CR to submit the cluster pods to Volcano for scheduling.

Reviewer: Can kuberay support RayJob CRD integrate volcano?

### Example: Gang scheduling

In this example, we'll walk through how gang scheduling works with Volcano and KubeRay.

First, let's create a queue with a capacity of 4 CPUs and 4Gi of RAM:

```
$ kubectl create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: scheduling.volcano.sh/v1beta1
kind: Queue
metadata:
  name: kuberay-test-queue
spec:
  weight: 1
  capability:
    cpu: 4
    memory: 4Gi
EOF
```

Next we'll create a RayCluster with a head node and two workers, each requesting 1 CPU and 1Gi of RAM each, for a total of 3 CPU and 3Gi of RAM:

```
$ kubectl create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: ray.io/v1alpha1
kind: RayCluster
metadata:
  name: test-cluster-0
  labels:
    ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano
    volcano.sh/queue-name: kuberay-test-queue
spec:
  rayVersion: '2.1.0'
  headGroupSpec:
    serviceType: ClusterIP
    rayStartParams:
      block: 'true'
    replicas: 1
    template:
      spec:
        containers:
        - name: ray-head
          image: rayproject/ray:2.1.0
          resources:
            limits:
              cpu: "1"
              memory: "1Gi"
            requests:
              cpu: "1"

>               memory: "1Gi"

Reviewer 2: It's dangerous to allocate less than 2Gi memory for the Ray head,
even for an example that depend on Ray's operation at all.
```suggestion
              memory: "2Gi"
```
It's better to present a 2Gi head and one 1 Gi worker,
instead of a 1Gi head and two 1Gi workers.

# KubeRay integration with Volcano

[Volcano](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano) is a batch scheduling system built on Kubernetes. It provides a suite of mechanisms (gang scheduling, job queues, fair scheduling policies) currently missing from Kubernetes that are commonly required by many classes of batch and elastic workloads. KubeRay's Volcano integration enables more efficient scheduling of Ray pods in multi-tenant Kubernetes environments.

> 

Reviewer 2: Could you also mention something to the effect of "This is a new feature. Feedback welcome."
Good to manage expectations :)

> [Volcano](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano) is a batch scheduling system built on Kubernetes. It provides a suite of mechanisms (gang scheduling, job queues, fair scheduling policies) currently missing from Kubernetes that are commonly required by many classes of batch and elastic workloads. With the integration with Volcano, KubeRay cluster pods can be scheduled for better scheduling efficiency in multi-tenant environments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Volcano](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano) is a batch scheduling system built on Kubernetes. It provides a suite of mechanisms (gang scheduling, job queues, fair scheduling policies) currently missing from Kubernetes that are commonly required by many classes of batch and elastic workloads. KubeRay's Volcano integration enables more efficient scheduling of Ray pods in multi-tenant Kubernetes environments.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Would you mind identifying yourself as a maintainer of the Volcano integration and providing your GitHub handle?

## Setup

### Install Volcano

> Volcano needs to be successfully installed in your Kubernetes cluster before enabling Volcano integration with KubeRay. Refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano#quick-start-guide)  for Volcano installation instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Volcano needs to be successfully installed in your Kubernetes cluster before enabling Volcano integration with KubeRay. Refer to the [Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/volcano-sh/volcano#quick-start-guide) for Volcano installation instructions.
```

### Install KubeRay Operator with Batch Scheduling

Deploy the KubeRay Operator with the `--enable-batch-scheduler` flag to enable Volcano batch scheduling support.

When installing via Helm, you can set the following in your `values.yaml` file:

```
batchScheduler:
    enabled: true
```

Or on the command line:

```
# helm install kuberay-operator --set batchScheduler.enabled=true
```

## Run Ray Cluster with Volcano scheduler

Add the `ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano` label to your RayCluster CR to submit the cluster pods to Volcano for scheduling.

Example:

```
apiVersion: ray.io/v1alpha1
kind: RayCluster
metadata:
  name: test-cluster
  labels:
    ray.io/scheduler-name: volcano
    volcano.sh/queue-name: test
spec:

>   rayVersion: '2.0.0'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  rayVersion: '2.1.0'
```

  headGroupSpec:
    serviceType: ClusterIP
    replicas: 1
    template:
      spec:
        containers:
        - name: ray-head

>           image: rayproject/ray:2.0.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          image: rayproject/ray:2.1.0
```

          resources:
            limits:
              cpu: "1"

>               memory: "1G"

Reviewer 2: The rest-state memory usage of the Ray head pod has been creeping up a bit in recent times.
```suggestion
              memory: "2G"
```

            requests:
              cpu: "1"

>               memory: "1G"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
              memory: "2G"
```
